anonymous_8866608 thinks Apple is right because:
Just look at Adobe now! Same as Microsoft... Where are the new improvements in PS, AI, DW, etc. They are living in the past, what about Flash websites SE in Google? Flash is slow, old and never will be the door to the world market as Adobe needs to be.
anonymous_8123532 thinks Adobe is right because:
I've been a designer since the early 90s, and have used or owned a Mac Classic, SE, IIci, LCIII, Quadra, Perfoma 635CD, Centris, Power Mac, G3, G4, G5, MacBook Pro, and an iMac. Designers built and supported both Apple and Adobe before they were popular. Now Apple has canned Flash for its new devices which in my opinion is the most absurd business decision Apple has ever made. I won't buy an iPhone or iPad simply because Flash is so prevalent on the web. In addition, many thousands of designers make their living working in Flash which offers some of the richest internet experiences. If Apple has its way, many designers will be forced to abandon Flash because of market demands, thus destroying an entire career sector. My opinion is that Apple is making a move backward rather than forward by not supporting Flash. I have heard their excuses, and have read Steve Job's letter. I have always been a Mac man and can't stand PCs. But for Apple to drive this nail into Adobe is ruthless, and will eventually turn back to bite them...and hard. I strongly support Adobe on this one.
An anonymous person thinks Adobe is right because:
Freedom is always right
anonymous_2705232 thinks Apple is right because:
No one if forcing anyone to buy an iPhone, iPod touch or iPad. If you really really want substandard cross-compiled apps then buy some other device and stop complaining!
anonymous_1024542 thinks Apple is right because:
Because I don't want another thing to update. No more Java, No more Flash players, just kill me!
anonymous_5581268 thinks Adobe is right because:
This debate is endlessly amusing. Useless as hell, but amusing. In particular the fucking morons, with no idea what they're talking about championing Apple's position like they're fucking David to Adobe's Goliath. Of course, it would be absurd for me to seriously believe that anyone on the Apple side would be inclined to listen to what I have to say; but sometimes I like to waste my time, anyway. So here we go: Apple faithful, sit down and shut the fuck up. Stop spouting nonsense for which you are clearly uninformed of (and with massive active misinformation from your great prophet Steve.) As a developer (and someone who actually wants to see HTML5 come to fruition, simply because it has good potential) it is not ready, the spec is unfinished and likely wont be for some time. And your incessant support of Apple is actually damning the spec. Yeah, that's right, you're damning the spec. Your continued support of Apple is also supporting H.264, and while its all pretty and nice to have a nice codec for web video, that shits going to come back and bite us in the ass, when they start charging their license fees again. You think those who've already adopted to it, when pressed to pay license, wouldn't pass that debt onto users? You should know better, Big Steve will be first in line to do it. Though, if you're already okay paying a premium for your computers, for the prestige of ownership; I guess you really wouldn't mind being hit up for license fees. I am not made of money, though. So you'll cover my share, right? (P.S. I don't even necessarily like flash. Simply because I think that most of the shit its commonly used for, with exception to games and streaming video, there are far better alternatives available that can accomplish the same task. But, I guess that's an irrelevant sentiment, since I am sure I'll be labeled a total flash supporter anyway, and become the evil enemy of Mac faithfuls everywhere. Bring it on.)
anonymous_5845125 thinks Apple is right because:
Flash is okay for movies, entertainment pieces of software, but it's really not helping with hyper-texting the internet - You can't hyperlink to a "page" in flash. It's reasonable move for Apple to not allow Flash on their AppStore. If a company needs Flash products for iPhone - there is ad-hoc. Why it's not reasonable - well, for one - for the same reason they did not have garbage collecting in Objective-C 2.0 for their iPhone/iPad. And Objective-C got such garbage collecting for Mac OS. Another good point is the user interface - a lot of flash content is just delivered to be used for mouse, not for touchscreen, and especially for high DPI small device as the new iPhone 4G. Pretty much what Steve Jobs said about Flash is true.
anonymous_4724909 thinks Adobe is right because:
Droid Does.
An anonymous person thinks Adobe is right because:
HTML5 a Flash killer? Really... wow, then show us where these elusive HTML5 Flash-killing web sites are at, because I don't see any.
An anonymous person thinks Adobe is right because:
It will take the next 5 years as HTML5 waits for people to upgrade their browsers before it's even usable. Only 38% of the latest browsers even support HTML5. The Apple Mac OS is a small minority at only 14%. Apple was initially lucky with the iPhone, but is now on its way out. Good riddance Apple! And take sad little HTML5 with you!
anonymous_1292624 thinks Adobe is right because:
When choice is killed we all suffer.
anonymous_2442257 thinks Adobe is right because:
Steve Jobs is not my mommy.
anonymous_8169314 thinks Apple is right because:
Apple should be allowed to do what they want. If customers don't like it they can protest or stop buying from them. On the other hand Flash should be replaced by HTML5 so good riddance.
anonymous_3992183 thinks Apple is right because:
Apple have the right to decide which platforms it will support.
anonymous_2022550 thinks Apple is right because:
All those arguing the "openness" ... please, give me a break! Apple and Adobe are second only to Microsoft when it comes to being proprietarians. Neither of them are "right". They are both just trying to protect their businesses / platforms. What it boils down to is who should be "forced" to the others will. If Im to be a typical "choiceless" consumer, I think Apple does a better job at designing my cage than Adobe does. So I'll vote to be locked up by Apple over Adobe any day.
anonymous_4572415 thinks Adobe is right because:
apple = microsoft = dictator! in one of his email back to a guy who questioned on this matter, Jobs actually used microsoft as his explanation of why he thinks apple has the right to keep someone out of the door
anonymous_8097447 thinks Adobe is right because:
FREEEEEEDOMM!!!!!!
anonymous_6685457 thinks Apple is right because:
If Flash was not *so broken* I would vote Adobe, but on this one, I've got to go with Apple.
An anonymous person thinks Adobe is right because:
APPLE = A Programmer's Prison Locked Environment ADOBE = A Developer's Open Building Environment
An anonymous person thinks Adobe is right because:
I Heart Adobe!!!!
anonymous_4905679 thinks Adobe is right because:
Apple sucks, no bans please!
anonymous_3574286 thinks Adobe is right because:
"Go screw yourself Apple" Lee Biremlow from Adobe
anonymous_2328680 thinks Adobe is right because:
I don't like Flash myself, but that isn't right what Apple is doing
anonymous_5585344 thinks Adobe is right because:
You pick the best tools for the job. Until HTML5 can do what you can do in flash then it's not the best tool. By forcing developers to either use inferior technology or not creating for that platform at all then everyone loses out. I've got an open mind, show me a 3D interactive site in HTML5 and I'm convinced. TBH, I've not heard many complaints about flash until Steve Jobs stood up and said so. Now everyone proclaims it to be terrible. Sheep mentality at its best.
An anonymous person thinks Adobe is right because:
Adobe people are intellectual creative. I love Adobe products
anonymous_3203731 thinks Adobe is right because:
Steve Jobs reminds me to Fidel Castro. Started as a revolution to become a crazy dictatorship.
An anonymous person thinks Adobe is right because:
Show me an HTML5 web site that is even "HALFWAY" equal to Flash... Oh yeah, you can't because such a web site does not exist... SO ALL OF YOU HTML5 people shut your mouths until you having something to SHOW!!!
anonymous_3005643 thinks Apple is right because:
apple - html5 (Open, innovative, broadminded) Adobe - Flash (proprietary, resource hungry)
An anonymous person thinks Adobe is right because:
Flash kills HTML5!
anonymous_9263322 thinks Adobe is right because:
Gianduia = Dreamweaver wannabe
thomasjo thinks Adobe is right because:
Whether you like Flash or not, do not give up your freedom to choose for yourself. It's also worth noting HTML5 is not ready for "prime time", and probably won't be for another 4-5 years due to older browsers (just look at IE6...)
anonymous_9263322 thinks Adobe is right because:
Objective-C ? Dark ages ?
anonymous_9263322 thinks Adobe is right because:
Apple performance on Valve games sucks as usual
anonymous_4990386 thinks Apple is right because:
Flash sucks and always has, it's bloated, resource-stealing crapware. The sooner it's dead and buried, the better the world will be.
anonymous_2518225 thinks Adobe is right because:
I would like to make iphone apps for myself and my friends with tools from Adobe. Developers understand whow it is better to implement an application. Apple could allow Flash Player for iPhone iPad but make kind of ENABLE button with words:"ENABLING of that block could reduce bettary life and crach your device. Apple not responsable for that."
anonymous_1225088 thinks Adobe is right because:
Grow up people. This isnt about "openness", neither company are or particularly support "open". Its about Apple being control freaks, forcing there users to use there devices in a certain way, and that's unacceptable. Flash would kill Apples app store and itunes video rental services, so they don't want it. Simple. Why not just admit that and not make up some bullshit about performance. Adobe were (and probably still would be) perfectly happy to work with Apple to create a Flash solution that worked well on mac's, but so far apple have done nothing but make it hard fro them. Apple created this argument, adopted HTML5/CSS3 standards far too early (go on, try and watch HTML5 video on your iPad, I bet its shit.) and thought they could strong arm and bully adobe and klill flash. Bad move apple. Bad bad move.
anonymous_1720052 thinks Apple is right because:
Flash is a shitty piece of software
anonymous_2706671 thinks Apple is right because:
Eff Flash.
anonymous_8268939 thinks Adobe is right because:
Leave it to the users if you want to use Xbox or PS3... why force us. Both HTML5 & flash player are for free... let users decide. Apple has dragged & forced it on the users which is completely completely against the word "CHOICE"
anonymous_4271637 thinks Adobe is right because:
Anybody else remember the bitch fit about floppies? This seems like the same thing... People cant handle when their little world changes. The funny part is the people who are ignorant and don't know why flash sucks are the ones supporting it. Hell, I remember using flash like 8 years ago. Seems like just because people have been around it so long they will just go crazy without their normalcy. I promise, just give HTML5 a try and you wont even miss flash. Adobe forcing us to use flash is the same as Microsoft forcing silverlight down our throat. Apple isn't limiting your options, they are opening up options. All it takes is for websites to switch over and its done. Just like USB, sometimes you have to force your stubborn fans into something because they are too ignorant to know better.
anonymous_5841523 thinks Adobe is right because:
It's Adobe who has given web the new dimensions. Wind back ur clocks and imagine a web without Adobe products. Ummm.. reminds me of black nd white movies, having great people, great work but less interesting work because of backward technology!
An anonymous person thinks Apple is right because:
Adobe fans are idiots. It's Adobe that has tried to *close* down the *open* web with it's *closed* formats like Flash. HTML5 = open = free = the web. Yeah, Apple are a bunch of selfish hypocrites, just like Adobe. But they are on the *right* side of this fight, unless you believe the web should not be open and free.
anonymous_4886629 thinks Adobe is right because:
Steve Jobs is gay, I'd know, he sucked my penis in college. Although, he was pretty good at it.
An anonymous person thinks Apple is right because:
Flash sucks. It's true we have to stick to it for now, but things will soon change
anonymous_8888682 thinks Adobe is right because:
Grow up Apple.
anonymous_8973437 thinks Adobe is right because:
Steve, stop behaving insane! I know Adobe can't go to such a low level of professionalism as u hve. Drown urself there only and never show ur face to Apple again.
anonymous_5714196 thinks Adobe is right because:
Fuck u Steve.. Lemme do what I want to. Don't try to be oversmart. U r not my dad, whom I shud listen to for what not to do. Fuck off and leave Apple as it is, don't screw Apple, don't screw us.
anonymous_3517047 thinks Apple is right because:
flash sucks
anonymous_9102800 thinks Apple is right because:
I'm beginning to hate Apple.
anonymous_9102800 thinks Apple is right because:
I'm beginning to hate Apple.
anonymous_8607100 thinks Adobe is right because:
also don't forget to vote with your wallets; much more effective than just ranting online
anonymous_7462447 thinks Adobe is right because:
Apple stole my toys. Fuck you steveo!
anonymous_6525275 thinks Adobe is right because:
People need more options to what they can do and what they choose.
anonymous_8541698 thinks Apple is right because:
When a company makes a product, it's their decision what platforms to support. I support the decision, and even if I didn't, I wouldn't feel the need to bitch about it. Apple has been more than generous in their explanations of why Flash and many other proprietary platforms don't make the cut. Want Flash on your phone? Get a different phone. Many support Flash. Rather keep your iPhone? Yeah, me too.
anonymous_1163024 thinks Adobe is right because:
Flash rocks
An anonymous person thinks Adobe is right because:
flash can do things _now_ that html5 won't be able to do in 10 years, and the ability to compile something once and not have to deal with platform specifics is powerful. any web developer knows you spend 80%+ of your time working out stupid differences b/w browsers rather than actually coding. further, for apple to suggest that flash is only good for video is absolutely absurd. that being said, flash's performance and stability does suck on anything other than a pc running windows and adobe has refused to properly address this for many, many years.
anonymous_4284192 thinks Adobe is right because:
because html 5 is not as good as flash and because not everyone gonna change their sites because apple thinks that's the correct thing
anonymous_9868652 thinks Adobe is right because:
i need freedom.
anonymous_4558437 thinks Adobe is right because:
"Don't tell me what I can and cannot do.." - John Locke
anonymous_8257366 thinks Adobe is right because:
Apple, stop being a bully!
anonymous_5632999 thinks Adobe is right because:
I'll support anyone who provides an alternative to the simply horrible Objective-C language.
An anonymous person thinks Apple is right because:
We can make all in html5... no to flash.
An anonymous person thinks Apple is right because:
This is a stupid poll.
anonymous_1146056 thinks Adobe is right because:
All of the people saying that Flash is a video platform need to do your research. I'm fine with breaking video out of Flash. Video is just scratching the surface of what Flash can do. Show me an animated cartoon done in HTML 5. HTML 5 has a long way to go. Check out the benchmarks vs. Flash if you haven't yet. Steve Jobs wants to do away with third-party apps like Flash. He wants us to stick within the confines of current browser technology. How are we to advance if we limit ourselves? The web wouldn't be the where it is today without third-party apps. Finally, what if I don't want my app to be open? What if I just spent a year developing a game in Canvas. Someone can just come along and steal all my source? Great...
anonymous_1805222 thinks Apple is right because:
Because I love Steve Jobs.
anonymous_1163024 thinks Adobe is right because:
Some of the best website i ever experienced were mad with flash.
anonymous_8234017 thinks Adobe is right because:
Whitest whine ever!
anonymous_6844486 thinks Apple is right because:
Right or Wrong about what? Apple has the right to not support whatever technology they don't like. Who gives a fuck, Who gives a shit.
An anonymous person thinks Adobe is right because:
Apple shouldn't be allow to bitch about any other company's software until they fix iTunes for windows.
An anonymous person thinks Apple is right because:
Flash is NOT working properly on any device except PC with Windows. So, what Adobe want? Apple made own device - Apple make choice.
anonymous_2720169 thinks Apple is right because:
neither is right nor wrong, they're simply protecting their own interests and profits. adobe is terrified of missing the mobile market, apple loathes anyone other than themselves dictating the experience users have with their products. having said that, while there has been a lot of talk from both sides, based on the empirical evidence of released products apple at the moment is the less wrong. flash *is* mediocre on os x, flash 10.1 *is* late and the specs for it to run properly on mobile devices keep getting upped. adobe's arguments will hold a lot more weight when/if flash 10.1 runs properly on a mobile phone.
anonymous_1079386 thinks Adobe is right because:
Wasn't iTunes for Windows ported using a tool to convert the code?
anonymous_5935497 thinks Adobe is right because:
Arguments that Flash is slow as compared to HTML5 are nonsense. Limiting programming languages to be used by developers is unacceptable.
anonymous_6351108 thinks Adobe is right because:
Freeeedom
anonymous_4807873 thinks Apple is right because:
Freedom and Accessibility!!!
anonymous_7663307 thinks Adobe is right because:
the apple fanboys need to actually think for themselves and not follow steve jobs' every word
anonymous_3973275 thinks Adobe is right because:
steve jobs has lost his mind & become totally paranoid. Time to retire I think...
anonymous_7182572 thinks Adobe is right because:
Code with whatever tool you want Compile once Run anywhere
anonymous_2758321 thinks Apple is right because:
I totally Agree about all the thing Steve job sai about Flash, It's not well suited for mobile Plateforme, And another thing I prefer Apple because the Quality of Applications soo I'm With Apple.
An anonymous person thinks Adobe is right because:
Apple is the reason Adam and Eve got kicked out of paradise. Nuff said.
anonymous_3213425 thinks Adobe is right because:
Like it or not, Apple does have the right to disallow Flash and third-party development tools for iPhone development. But they didn't have to be such jerks about it.
anonymous_2871542 thinks Adobe is right because:
"Power pc is the best, intel is shit" (S. Jobs) -> Oh, some Macs are intel powered now ... "3G on a smartphone ruins battery and user experience" (S. Jobs) -> Oh, There is a 3g version of the iphone ... "Third part apps are bad idea, ruins battery and user experience" (S Jobs) -> Oh, appstore is full of third part apps... "Multitask on a mobile is a bad idea, ruins battery and user experience" (S Jobs) -> Oh, they're now working on it And now, "Flash on a smartphone .... blablabla" -> Ok what's next ? Flash 10.1 on iphones 4?
anonymous_3186193 thinks Adobe is right because:
Adobe is cool because you can build houses out of it.
anonymous_3664559 thinks Adobe is right because:
Neither Apple, nor Adobe has the right to deprive people off their right to choose what they want. It's the power of choice that should rule. In this case, apple is trying to force a Choice. HTML5 is good, but Apple has no right to tell people that they should quit Flash. If HTML5 is really so good, it would automatically replace Flash. Apple doesn't have to *act* so bothered.
An anonymous person thinks Apple is right because:
Flash will stop innovation. The web should be free and HTML5 has to win over Flash or we are going to enter a computer Dark Ages for about twenty years.
anonymous_5795158 thinks Adobe is right because:
Freedom and Accessibility!!!
anonymous_8509969 thinks Adobe is right because:
i second that
anonymous_2741666 thinks Adobe is right because:
Apply FTW, cuz HTML5 pwns on the iPad... OH WAIT, NO IT F()C*!N# DOESN"T
anonymous_6351108 thinks Adobe is right because:
I choose freedom and accessibility.
anonymous_7922663 thinks Apple is right because:
I'm with the Apple and Adobe, not the mindless herd. Moooooo!!!
An anonymous person thinks Adobe is right because:
Sorry but Apple is not very fairplay
anonymous_5277726 thinks Adobe is right because:
Ofcourse Apple is in the wrong... but hey, I'm loving the fact that Google will be the strong market leader in application development for smart phones.
anonymous_5555031 thinks Apple is right because:
Apple is maintaining its quality and envision to give their customers best experience. Now they are taking a big bet, I'm with them.
anonymous_6911397 thinks Apple is right because:
APPLE
An anonymous person thinks Adobe is right because:
I love apple but Adobe is right...
anonymous_4384111 thinks Adobe is right because:
i dont like flash but freedom of choice is very important. So Adobe is right.
anonymous_8624947 thinks Adobe is right because:
Adobe is right!
anonymous_1497482 thinks Adobe is right because:
Adobe, as they are maintaing the innovation.
An anonymous person thinks Adobe is right because:
Screw Jobs and his fascist, control-freak attitude. Let the consumer decide what they want, not some arrogant, black turtleneck wearing douche. Sent from my iPhone
anonymous_8027060 thinks Adobe is right because:
Apple, let me install what I want on my devices. You don't have to ship it with support if you want to be babies. Put up a warning when I install if it isn't trusted. But don't prevent me from using technology that has been in widespread use for over a decade. Adobe is right because: It's about our right to choose what we want. Besides, there's nothing close to flash (not even Silverlight) yet out there. So stop lying jobs.
anonymous_8786577 thinks Adobe is right because:
Don't know what's wrong with Apple. I don't love Adobe and don't use there tools. But I am totally against what Apple is doing. Apple should play fair.
An anonymous person thinks Adobe is right because:
flush sucks but we should have a choice
anonymous_7864258 thinks Adobe is right because:
Why is apple doing this ?
anonymous_3098924 thinks Adobe is right because:
I believe there is a use-case for both, developing with Flex and HTML is fundamentally different. But mostly I believe in choice and while I have no particular love for Flash ads, I also don't want somebody to tell me what I do and do not need based on bully tactics.
anonymous_1615243 thinks Adobe is right because:
apple sucks
anonymous_4730972 thinks Adobe is right because:
Flash and HTML are fundamentally different things. Especially the Flex framework development model is years ahead of html5 ... It's an application framework, not a webpage building framework. These are 2 hugely different things. It's like saying html5 is better than swing ... So the whole html5 vs flash is a silly discussion!
anonymous_7628084 thinks Apple is right because:
I want HTML5 with native support for video and other technologies instead of Flash massacre :/
anonymous_7839153 thinks Adobe is right because:
If Adobe is not right and Flash is a crap, then why Hulu improves its player (again Flash, not HTML5!), Google supports Flash on Android 2.2, NHK Japan switches to Flash Platform, YouTube still uses Flash and so on? When Android is released this June all Apple and iDevices fanboys will see what they are missing and let's talk then who is crap. Even if Apple is right for Flash I WANT TO CHOOSE WITH WHAT TECHNOLOGY TO CREATE MY WORK AND HOW TO ACCESS WEB! I'm not against HTML5, Silverlight or any other technology, but NO company — no matter how big or how right is — should tell what I can create, how I create it, or what I view on the web. So for me Adobe is right!
An anonymous person thinks Adobe is right because:
Stupid fanboys thinking HTML5 can replace FLASH, you dont know what FLASH is or does, you dont know what HTML5 is or does, so shut the fuck up and start thinking by your own istead of just repeating what other stupid fanboys tell you.
anonymous_6871725 thinks Apple is right because:
go to HTML5
An anonymous person thinks Apple is right because:
abode was SOOO slow to port photoshop to intel mac. it took them 10 years to convert to cocoa. I don't blame apple one bit for not wanting lowest common demoninator applications. My understanding is that the current flash to iphone exporter doesn't even support cut and paste. hello!!! If adobe wanted to do it right they would generate an xcode project and allow the developers to compile in xcode, and to have access to ALL of the latest apis apple publishes.
anonymous_6153871 thinks Apple is right because:
what the hell has adobe innovated recently? diddly squat that's what. at least apple innovates time and time again.
anonymous_4055970 thinks Adobe is right because:
Adobe are just as recalcitrant and awkward to work with as Apple and their enterprise product support absolutely sucks, but at least they run on multiple platforms and don't treat developers like sh*t!
anonymous_9063084 thinks Apple is right because:
flash might be developer friendly but it is not hardware friendly
anonymous_1491291 thinks Adobe is right because:
I love Adobe and its apps they are amazing....
anonymous_2967884 thinks Adobe is right because:
adobe is trying to preserver the freedom and apple is trying do make only apple developers!
anonymous_1619757 thinks Adobe is right because:
hello world!
anonymous_1927173 thinks Adobe is right because:
One should let the user decide what to choose, be the guide to choose the right don't force something in your interest.
anonymous_1202527 thinks Adobe is right because:
Flash is HEAVY! but APPLE shouldn't try to control developers! bad idea!
anonymous_3000616 thinks Adobe is right because:
http://www.them... Enough said. http://www.enga... Adobe is not the enemy, Google is Apple's enemy. Apple is making the same mistake they did in 1984. They are living in a closed wall for purity, and Android is open and more people will use it. All hail Google the new mobile monopoly.
anonymous_3000616 thinks Adobe is right because:
how can you offer people the best web experience w/o flash? Flash is used on many of the best websites out there. Just offer it on the phone and allow people to turn it off or on. Apple is acting like the enemy (Microsoft 1984).
An anonymous person thinks Adobe is right because:
go Flash, go Adobe..
anonymous_5841523 thinks Adobe is right because:
I like my apple more than Steve's Apple.
anonymous_3043251 thinks Adobe is right because:
Apple are abusing their market power - bring on the anti-trust actions
anonymous_4680687 thinks Apple is right because:
adobe can kiss my ass
anonymous_1332979 thinks Adobe is right because:
dude adobe is about to unveil flash 10.1 with freaking hardware acceleration and the compiled iphone apps ream perfectly fine apple are just idiots
anonymous_6741225 thinks Adobe is right because:
Apple 2010 is Microsoft 1997. (Harkening back to Windows 95 is Mac 89 shirts from back in the day. The Tables have turned. Now Apple is making the mistakes that Microsoft did as the big fsat kid on the block and its sad to see.)
anonymous_7955553 thinks Apple is right because:
sorry guys, apple is right.
anonymous_6330632 thinks Adobe is right because:
Steve Jobs is a complete tool, as are his loyal followers who gobble up every morsel of rhetoric that spews from his magical pie hole.
anonymous_9614239 thinks Adobe is right because:
And Apple spoke, "Today, we celebrate the first glorious anniversary of the Information Purification Directives. We have created for the first time in all history, a garden of pure ideology. Where each worker may bloom secure from the pests of contradictory and confusing truths. Our Unification of Thoughts is more powerful a weapon than any fleet or army on earth. We are one people, with one will, one resolve, one cause. Our enemies shall talk themselves to death and we will bury them with their own confusion. We shall prevail!" [wikipedia 1984]
anonymous_2246465 thinks Apple is right because:
For all the reasons outlined in Steve Jobs post. It's obvious to anyone thinking clearly. Open > Proprietary.
anonymous_8778253 thinks Apple is right because:
I have surfed the web with flash disabled since at least 2004 due to annoying ads, damaged web sites, and crashes.
anonymous_2798137 thinks Apple is right because:
HTML5 is the natural and obvious way forward. I love Adobe, but they have picked the wrong battle to try and win here.
anonymous_2758735 thinks Adobe is right because:
"Flash Sucks" is not a cogent argument.
anonymous_2758735 thinks Adobe is right because:
What has happened to the Apple fan base? I used to count myself among them. The way they spout lies & half truths is just like the Tea Partiers.
anonymous_7201292 thinks Apple is right because:
I think Apple is right that Adobe hasn't moved quickly enough to produce a credible, mobile Flash player. I think Adobe is wrong that Flash is 'open' and I think they are both right that choice is vital. I choose battery life and, where necessary, custom apps. I think Flash is a Hog and it's time to move on. I think Apple has a right to want a good user experience on it's devices.
anonymous_3238809 thinks Apple is right because:
flash is a cpu hog. crashed safari on a regular basis
anonymous_1459170 thinks Adobe is right because:
Ummm Flash video sucks in browsers? How about YouTube? What about Hulu? How about pretty much every major motion picture's site. Apple people are so stupid setimes. Do some research. Better yet pay attention to the things you are looking at online.
anonymous_4062081 thinks Adobe is right because:
maybe apple is assuming that they own the web now and after but this is gonna be the thing that will bring their end...
anonymous_1461166 thinks Adobe is right because:
"Think Different, as long as it's what we tell you to think" Adobe FTW
anonymous_7583580 thinks Adobe is right because:
Apple will definitely lose in the long term.
anonymous_1277786 thinks Apple is right because:
think different
anonymous_6578250 thinks Apple is right because:
flash sucks hard, especially for viewing videos in browsers.
anonymous_6533212 thinks Adobe is right because:
Android is the way to go.
anonymous_2273045 thinks Adobe is right because:
I think that some of these posts are ridiculous! Flash is a HUGE part of the web. I could write a huge post here making some many points, if fact I have written this thing 4 times now and there is just too much to say... Why limit not only the end users but the people that are the ones that truly drive the technology, the developers. Apple’s decision, mostly driven by greed and the pathetic need to control everything, will end up hurting them in the end… My next phone is going to be an Android phone that I guarantee...
anonymous_7134381 thinks Adobe is right because:
Steve Jobs should take it easy.
anonymous_7646990 thinks Apple is right because:
Why is everyone so unkind?
anonymous_1940343 thinks Adobe is right because:
as I don't like the way Apple will convince the ignorant that flash is something that it's not.
anonymous_3108534 thinks Adobe is right because:
This will hurt Apple in the long run. There is no such thing as Html5 - it is still beta. When html5 is out and supported by majority of browsers, original iPad will be obsolete for a long time. "No big deal" Steve to include Flash as option and let user decide if he wants it or not. BTW, do you remember, why was SJ ousted from Apple the first time ? Some people never learn...
anonymous_2704777 thinks Adobe is right because:
As a Flash developer myself, I tempt by nature to support Adobe over Apple in this question. However, I'm realistic enough to realize that I will not developing Flash content for the rest of my life. I'd love to make new technologies my own, so if HTML5 is going to be a new standard in the future, I will see myself working with HTML5 as well. However I don't think HTML5 should be forced as being the new Flash. It's concerning that Apple tries to do this, especially knowing that they're working on products for making HTML5 development easier, because this doesn't make Apple objective enough in this discussion. They want to set a new standard and sell commercial tools for this new standard and make more profits. I've worked with css/html/javascript myself and found myself always in browser compatibility troubles. I don't think we can speak of HTML5 of being the standard, as long as it hasn't proven to be standard on all HTML5 supported browsers. Which means no inconsistency in any of the browsers, cross platform. I don't see this happening based on the past HTML experiences. Adobe is doing a great job with delivering your content cross platform exactly the same. Another concern is plugin vs browser penetration. As of March 2010, Flash player 10 was installed on 97% of all computers. When we look at the browser versions in the same month, we see that 20% of internet users use Internet Explorer 7 or older. As we can see, Flash Player is much more up to date than a browser is. HTML5 isn't supported in most browsers yet. But let's assume all latest browsers do. These numbers show that it is going to take years before all browsers are updated and support HTML5. It's way to early to talk about a standard. One of the arguments that I'm reading on this page, which is against Adobe, is that Flash causes high CPU usage. While this is a fact, it's not Adobe to blame, only the developer who made the content. But is he really to blame? Unless it's an unqualified developer, I don't think so. Flash websites are mostly experience websites. Giving a user a high-end experience. This is often on the edge of technology, trying to do the most impressive stuff in Flash. You don't see this often happening with HTML, because it is currently much slower than Flash is and it's possibilities are all too limited. This will probably better in HTML5, but I'm afraid for the hassle it will be. I have much more arguments to put in this discussion. which I haven't seen back in the comments I read. Most importantly I see these questions: - What about vector animation? - What about security? Flash is compiled code, where HTML5 is all open for every visitor on a website? That's just talking about blocking Flash from a browser. Blocking native apps created by Flash is a whole other story. It's up to the market to decide whether or not to use the Flash tools and pay for flash created content. Adobe has proven that there are no technical limitations for this. I'm not interested to create iPhone content at all by the way. But I just find this ridiculous. We'll have to see where this whole discussion ends. If HTML5 is forced to be a standard, I'm convinced in the end there will be overlap in the arguments that are now against Flash. Developers will continue to create cutting edge applications and speed will continue to be an issue. As long as HTML5 has not completely arrived, we can't really compare both and most argumenst are based on guessed expectations of HTML5.
An anonymous person thinks Apple is right because:
Adobe are a bunch of dicks, and were all through the 90s as well.
anonymous_2087655 thinks Adobe is right because:
Apple likes to spread false facts about Flash being such an evil plugin. It would be great if people would actually look up some informations to see that most of the stuff Apple says about Flash is simply not true.
anonymous_7600889 thinks Apple is right because:
you dont have to use Apple's products if you dont like their vision of how things should be and thats the real freedoom of choice.
mapetek thinks Adobe is right because:
At such a time Adobe worked and achieved publishing flash applications to iPhone, iPad etc. Apple's behaviour is really unfair and they seem worried about their developer market.
anonymous_8420308 thinks Adobe is right because:
Apple likes to spread false facts about Flash being such an evil plugin. It would be great if people would actually look up some informations to see that most of the stuff Apple says about Flash is simply not true.
anonymous_3702630 thinks Adobe is right because:
Apple can go about things differently
anonymous_2560698 thinks Apple is right because:
Adobe/Apple/, the key difference there, of course, is that Apple isn't claiming that its development system is open, or that it should have the right to insert its own closed-source code into another operating system. Adobe is making such a claim, and it's farcical at best.
An anonymous person thinks Adobe is right because:
Apple is undermining the culture we are having in software development. This has to stop. We spent the last 15 years tearing down walls we should not allow anyone to build new ones.
anonymous_8187008 thinks Apple is right because:
Flash is buggy and unsecure, it takes a big company like Apple to say "fuck this shit" and not support this rubbish platform.
anonymous_6856679 thinks Adobe is right because:
I cannot imagine myself paying such a price for a 'netbook' that will display blue lego bricks instead of content. A so-called modern web device that is not even able to provide a complete facebook experience? what a major fail. Because yes, Apple, games are an important part of my facebook experience. Duh.
anonymous_4511889 thinks Adobe is right because:
Apple already approve each apps created for their products. Why couldn't they approve Flash pieces? Flash isn't buggy, the way some people use it is.. If used properly Flash is a technology that has no equal as of today, it's not just used as Video Player.. it can do so much more. Apple is being discriminatory just because it's a technology they don't have control over. Why not try and make it disappear since we sell so many gadgets. To me it just means that their products aren't fit to view all the web as to offer..
anonymous_7050442 thinks Adobe is right because:
Adobe has the right to software that creates cross platform apps. Anyway, you apple fanboys are sprukin' open standards, it's shut if you aren't a coder. Flash is great for designers, cos a hand typed code web would look effing boring. No offence, but programmers make hopeless designers.
anonymous_7050442 thinks Adobe is right because:
Adobe has the right to software that creates cross platform apps.
anonymous_9555576 thinks Apple is right because:
Which would you rather? Apple controlling content it's platform, or Adobe controlling rich content on the web? Because that's your choice. Choose wisely.
anonymous_1609648 thinks Adobe is right because:
Because I don't like Racism
anonymous_5259601 thinks Apple is right because:
I agree with both Apple and Microsoft on this one. Flash is a mess. Just because a lot of people use something doesn't make it great. Just look at the U.S. Tax code. If Adobe had actually put some work into Flash, especially on mobile devices over the last 3 years, they might not be in this situation. Flash has peaked, and is past its time. If Adobe doesn't wake up, and get their priorities straight, they will become irrelevant in just a few years.
anonymous_5259601 thinks Apple is right because:
I agree with both Apple and Microsoft on this one. Flash is a mess. Just because a lot of people use something doesn't make it great. Just look at the U.S. Tax code. If Adobe had actually put some work into Flash, especially on mobile devices over the last 3 years, they might not be in this situation. Flash has peaked, and is past its time. If Adobe doesn't wake up, and get their priorities straight, they will become irrelevant in just a few years.
anonymous_9347889 thinks Apple is right because:
Goodbye Adobe.
An anonymous person thinks Adobe is right because:
I don't hate Steve Job, but all these Apple fanboys with their lame arguments make me support Adobe.
anonymous_2174660 thinks Apple is right because:
Adobe meet Borland. Borland was to once a proud software company who had tools that everyone used. Everyone until open source arrived and management threw the once storied company into a tail-spin chasing Mercury and Rational. Maybe you two can bunk together and get matching sheets in the loser dorm with homemade lofts. I'm on top!
anonymous_8699209 thinks Apple is right because:
Like other large monopolists (MSFT) Adobe have done nothing to improve the tech landscape other than patch together a Save As option to take advantage of another company's IP
anonymous_5410165 thinks Apple is right because:
this is like one kid (Adobe) crying to teacher that another kid (Apple) won't share the sandbox. waah
anonymous_9514393 thinks Adobe is right because:
Evolution in the digital age happens when someone provides something new, and its merit and efficiency over its predecessor are realized. This new technology is adopted into the mainstream. Repeat as necessary. Apple's move to not support Flash can be likened to eugenics.
anonymous_9514393 thinks Adobe is right because:
Why change what works?
anonymous_5027881 thinks Apple is right because:
I agree with Jobs' "Thoughts on Flash" article, in its entirity.
anonymous_6977716 thinks Adobe is right because:
Choice is owned by user. Not a company.
anonymous_3788031 thinks Apple is right because:
There is no right or wrong. Apple are entitled to include or exclude any code in their OS as they see fit. Adobe don't have any right to passage on the iPhone. This would be true, even if Flash was efficient and well written (it's not).
anonymous_4074283 thinks Apple is right because:
This is a tough one. The reality is that Flash *sucks* but the way this is being spun (the "Freedom!??@?" thing) does ring true on some level. In the end I went with Apple.
anonymous_4595106 thinks Apple is right because:
I hate flash. It munches my MBP battery like a pregnant woman and cookies.
anonymous_7998791 thinks Apple is right because:
Want choice? You already have choice. If you want flash and iPhone doesn't support it, DON'T BUY AN IPHONE!!!
anonymous_2478303 thinks Apple is right because:
No one is forcing anyone to develop for Apple or Adobe. This isn't communism. They each control their own platform, not the government. Ford doesn't get upset because its parts don't fit on a Chevy, neither should Adobe. Users will decide. Further, Adobe says Apple is being restrictive.... where has Adobe been for the last three years? They still don't have a mobile touch capabile flash run time. Even when or if they do, it will not be backward compatible to all smart phones. Despite this, Adobe is attempting to blame Apple for their own lack of development. Steve is right, Adobe is lazy.
An anonymous person thinks Apple is right because:
flash is garbage.
anonymous_2208253 thinks Apple is right because:
Flash is madly CPU intensive
anonymous_6825774 thinks Adobe is right because:
users need choice
anonymous_3179303 thinks Adobe is right because:
Crapple
anonymous_6631908 thinks Adobe is right because:
Where's the "both" option?
anonymous_4465356 thinks Adobe is right because:
HTML5 hardly runs on an iPad. Soooooo slooowwwww....
anonymous_4465356 thinks Adobe is right because:
Apple is loosing its fanatical users this way.
anonymous_7765943 thinks Apple is right because:
Adobe abused its position for a long time. Apple is no better, but we need them to take down Adobe's endless trail of bullshit. Then, we'll need some other champion to challenge Apple's.
An anonymous person thinks Adobe is right because:
there should be a NEITHER
anonymous_7053323 thinks Adobe is right because:
Flash is part of the web.
anonymous_6790150 thinks Adobe is right because:
Hhahahahahaa Adobe wins!!!! :D Adobe is the best!
anonymous_9863604 thinks Apple is right because:
Flash is the only thing that makes my CPU 200f.
anonymous_2098880 thinks Adobe is right because:
Neither are fully right actually, although Adobe is mostly right, while Apple is mostly wrong on their arguments. Shouldn't competition be beneficial for progress ?
anonymous_1086599 thinks Adobe is right because:
They are both boring corporates but TODAY I would like to be able to consume flash content, so my vote goes to Adobe this time.
An anonymous person thinks Adobe is right because:
Flash does not "suck". Yes, the web is evolving and Flash needs to as well, but it has enriched the web more than it has harmed it. I love Apple hardware and software, but the spin being placed on this whole thing, Steve Jobs' self-righteous remarks, the overall antagonism of the Apple die-hards, etc, makes me almost want Apple to fail. I wish both sides took a more holistic approach to the existing Internet ecosystem.
anonymous_8553288 thinks Adobe is right because:
It's about the freedom of choosing. Neither are supporting truly "open" standards, but at Apple is closing the door on choice. And by doing that, censoring. If you can be told what you can see or read, then it follows that you can be told what to say or think. Defend your constitutionally protected rights. No one else will do it for you.﻿ Buying into (and from) Apple's bullshit of so called better experience through a walled garden, is as dumb as following a populist leader who creates a common enemy and offers the solution, by offering a similar walled garden.
anonymous_9566065 thinks Adobe is right because:
Apple is fooling everyone with their (it must be said) very good and well designed products, but their consumer-politics is killing the true innovation and takes people AND developers in hostage in their war to keep their precious AppStore money.
An anonymous person thinks Adobe is right because:
Can't pick "user?". Lame
An anonymous person thinks Adobe is right because:
Can't pick "user?". Lame
anonymous_4398632 thinks Adobe is right because:
Apple even without trouble. Trouble with Adobe but no
anonymous_6601106 thinks Adobe is right because:
1984
anonymous_3004403 thinks Apple is right because:
Flash sucks!!!
anonymous_8553288 thinks Adobe is right because:
Apple, reinventing 1984 all over again!
anonymous_7024536 thinks Adobe is right because:
Flash sucks, but Apple is wrong.
anonymous_2539587 thinks Adobe is right because:
Apple is promoting HTML5 which is likely ready for video, but will not be a replacement for Flash even years for now. The NY Times and other big names will continue to develop in Flash. Apple is only preventing content from getting to users of their products. No more. My Nexus One arrives Monday and I will never own another Apple device unless they start respecting their developers and their customers.
anonymous_7303067 thinks Apple is right because:
1. Adobe is unable to provide a working version of Flash for any mobile device - it is solely Adobe's fault that Flash content can not be viewed on mobiles. 2. Open standards are what made the web possible, HTML5 is the standard for the dynamic web, it is in no-ones interest (other than Adobe) for Adobe to hold a monopoly on dynamic web content technology. 3. Apple is tightly integrating the application development tools into the operating system and hardware - this is how they get such astounding performance on the iPhone and iPad. It is how all high performing computer platforms are built, from engine controllers for cars to super computers. This tight integration is why IBM mainframes still run 90% of the worlds business transactions = more efficient & more reliable. Tight integration is necessary to get high performance. Tight integration means you need to develop in the languages that the hardware vendor supports = Objective C + Cocoa for iPhone and iPad; = CICS/Cobol, Java or C on Mainframes, etc.
anonymous_1179120 thinks Apple is right because:
Flash sucks.
anonymous_5608745 thinks Apple is right because:
I prefer experience. Apple has shown time and time again that user experience is their goal. Adobe's goal is to license as many products as they can to as many people to make more money. It's not smart to have a second application to read what should be done in the web browser. Apple isn't fighting against CS (even though they suck) so stfu with that I like Adobe programs that's not what this is about. This is about Flash on iProducts. I don't want it. Click2flash is the first plug-in I have installed on Firefox. Flash is buggy, slow, and unnecessary. As for only being able to use Apple developer tools. These tools are free and to be a developer for Apple is only $100 a year. Adobe's tools cost $1400. It would take 14 years for Apple developer costs to reach Adobes tools by which time you've already bought 3 more versions of it. Adobe only cares about themselves not the user. I prefer to have all features in an app than only the features that allow the lowest common denominator to run. It's not about being proprietary it's about user experience and as a consumer I appreciate that coming from a company. Apple is in it for the money of course but so is every other company, Apples main goal is to innovate and that's why they're so popular. Show me a Sony Vaio and compare it to a Macbook Pro of the same specs and I will choose the Macbook Pro simply because of the fact that Apple supports and even pays for shipping when something rarely goes wrong. With Sony I'd be lucky to get in back in 4 months. OSX is a lot smoother. I don't know how many bugs I've faced with Windows computers. Apple creates things that work. IF that means I'll be in a closed and proprietary system so be it as long as that companies best interests are mine.
anonymous_3924288 thinks Apple is right because:
Flash is only one product in Adobe's extensive line of software. If Apple's decision effects the products sale, it won't break the bank for Adobe and it might get them to create a better more stable and forward thinking product.
anonymous_8081172 thinks Apple is right because:
Adobe needs to earn their place on the mobile web by creating a functioning version of Flash that every user wants, and thus every hardware maker would want installed. They aren't even close!! That's life in the big city. Things aren't just handed to you on a platter.
anonymous_5608745 thinks Apple is right because:
I've read too many comments that say no to Apple just because they're Apple with no regard for actual facts.
anonymous_3422435 thinks Apple is right because:
When my kids don't play Flash games on the computer the computer doesn't need to be restarted or safe booted for weeks or months. Apple may like a closed ecosystem, but at least the products are reliable. That Adobe is casting themselves as a defender of open standards is a complete joke.
anonymous_8355784 thinks Apple is right because:
Apple took the floppy disc out and they were right...... I think Apples flash-hating is a kiss of death to Adobe.
anonymous_3239752 thinks Apple is right because:
Interesting that Apple should be forced to allow Adobe's software on their systems. As for Adobe loving choice: They loved it so much that they bought up all of their competition. They love choice as long as you choose them. Think of it this way: Your neighbour doesn't like the fact that he can't come over and use your TV any time he wants to. He used to be able to, but after kicking it over three or four times you decided you didn't want him to come over any more. Now he's mad and calls you a jerk because he's too cheap to get his own TV working properly.
anonymous_5880436 thinks Apple is right because:
Okay, Jobs has the reason.
An anonymous person thinks Apple is right because:
Adobe and it's supporters needs to move on.
anonymous_9339416 thinks Apple is right because:
adsfsdfsfd
anonymous_5671736 thinks Adobe is right because:
Photoshop is the Best !!!
anonymous_7884490 thinks Apple is right because:
They both behave like my 1-year old sister.
anonymous_4861846 thinks Adobe is right because:
Chris Sent from my iToilete
anonymous_8862576 thinks Apple is right because:
We should cross check every vote for Adobe and drop the votes from useragents that aren't Apple devices.
anonymous_4105365 thinks Adobe is right because:
Apple is the most draconian, closed, proprietary company out there. They have no right to accuse Adobe of being such. Of course they both have a right be closed, and make crappy products (which they both love doing), but Adobe is being honest.
anonymous_8684894 thinks Apple is right because:
Apple can do whatever they want with their products and so can Adobe. If ditching Flash makes a noticeable impact on Apple's sales, they'll change their policy. Otherwise, they shouldn't care.
anonymous_6581260 thinks Adobe is right because:
screw you guys, i am going home...
anonymous_3659804 thinks Apple is right because:
both are for a closed source and elitist world, that i don't like, but at least apple seems to push html5 vs flash that is good, very good thing.
anonymous_1199643 thinks Apple is right because:
dude even ie9 isn't gonna support flash. apple has made many incredible advances and has set so many standards with html5 and h.264 video.
anonymous_2494753 thinks Adobe is right because:
What if Adobe cut support and stopped releasing it's creative suite for MAC??? WTF??
anonymous_2494753 thinks Adobe is right because:
Apple CLEARLY does not care about the USER. It's such BULSH*T! All of the people who have websites created in flash... all of the developers who can create cross-browser, cross-platform friendly, design friendly content. yes of course there are some bugs. but if apple an adobe worked together there would be none. If you really look at Apple's excuses they are just excuses. They do NOT care about their users!!!!!! I was such an Apple supporter until now. SHAME ON YOU APPLE!!!!! listen to your USERS and supporters! Very Disspointed.
anonymous_2442405 thinks Adobe is right because:
Adobe is a strong tool with great capabilites why kill flash?, makes no sense
anonymous_6632350 thinks Adobe is right because:
You know this "survey" is going to get bombed the moment the macfags get wind of it.
anonymous_2062500 thinks Apple is right because:
Adobe has kicked up this big stink about apple's lack of support for Flash, but I have yet to see the non-light ("the full web") version of Flash running successfully on any mobile device. There isn't a version that Apple could include on the iPhone even if they wanted to. The mobile world is bigger than the iPhone, and the web is bigger than Flash. Flash had it's place, now it's time to move on. Adobe seems intent on pushing Flash into every corner that it can find. They even shoe-horned it into PDF! Their aim is to have a single runtime for all platforms, but that runtime is chunky at best. They've re-implemented all the standard OS controls in Flash, and they don't play well on any platform. Lowest common denominator is their highest aim.
anonymous_9496007 thinks Adobe is right because:
Both are wrong. Adobe is less wrong, and are on the right side at least. HTML5 is not ready to replace flash yet.
An anonymous person thinks Apple is right because:
Adobe pissed on the Apple tree. If they hadn't taken ages to make flash more mobile friendly it wouldn't even have gotten there.
anonymous_9401312 thinks Adobe is right because:
Both are stupid. Like kids spatting.
anonymous_9736426 thinks Adobe is right because:
Still, both are Stup*d
anonymous_2983942 thinks Adobe is right because:
Adobe is right. I think there should be a fair competition
anonymous_4982865 thinks Adobe is right because:
+1 for anonymous_1493604 Developing for Apple just sucks. It's far more difficult than other platforms, and largely because of the piss-poor Apple attitude towards its developers. Developing for Microsoft platforms is infinitely better.
An anonymous person thinks Adobe is right because:
Its sad that all this issue has to do solely with the hand held device market. When it was all browsers and desktops everyone was singing coombi-ya. This is all petty in my view. Watch google benefit from the in the end.
anonymous_1493604 thinks Adobe is right because:
Apple is good, but they are high maint. To do anything for iPhone a. Buy a mac so you can develop. b. Get the dev license to app store so you can publish. c. Continue to renew it every year. d. Also my iPhone drains battery after just 30-45 minutes of surfing web over 3g. e. I dont have the option to choose my provider and have to buy iPhone with at&t activated?? f. Mac hangs so many times, couple of time I had not saved my files on Xcode.
anonymous_8795815 thinks Adobe is right because:
w00t
anonymous_1829880 thinks Adobe is right because:
I opened the apple logo on my pc; in notepad. it was created with Adobe software. I think Mr.JOBS cancer treatments wacked him out a little. His claims make sense in an unopen way; and his store logo alone makes his case a lie. The funniest thing is developers learn code well but cant make ART. ARTists quickly automate design processes using Adobes tools. I was fired from a contract gig recently for increasing productivity 300%; actually just using the program i was working in; adobe illustrator instead of launching adobe pshop. uhhh the developers who were watching me without my permission, did not understand what i was doing... they told me it was impossible. Artists cant know more than developers. They refused to allow me to use the tools i would choose. i was to make each graphic roll over manually. If i was Flash, the entire project would have been completed in two days. That is what SVG was invented for; multiple language switches. But we hate FLASH and ADOBE. we have better tools. We are developers. You are a bunch of idiots who hired me to charge you exhorbitant amounts of money; wasting my life force, time. APPLE HAS ALWAYS BEEN A SNOOTY RICHE PERSONS TOOL. ITS FOR IDIOTS WITH NO TALENT; THEY WANT TO BUY STYLE AND BE DIFFERENT BETTER THAN OTHERS. Adobe and Autodesk ARE BOTH RIPPOFFS that should be FREE and supplanted by open source tools. FREE REPLACEMENT! ITS JUST TOOLS. TO HELL WITH DEVELOPERS. LET THEM STARVE TO DEATH LIKE THE REST OF US. ARE YOU A TAX WRITE OFF? YOU ARE IF YOUR DEVELOPING GRAPHIC TOOLS FOR APPLE. THATS JOB SECURITY IN THE MODERN AGE. LETS DO IT SLOWER THE GOV IS PAYING US TO HIRE YOU TEMPORARILY.
anonymous_9255085 thinks Adobe is right because:
Never vote for idiotism!
An anonymous person thinks Apple is right because:
Never vote for mediocrism!
anonymous_9319359 thinks Adobe is right because:
Apple is trying to control the lines between hardware, software and content in a pretty unprecedented way. As an analogy, imagine if back in the early days of television, NBC actually made and sold physical TVs, in addition to creating network programming. There were other manufacturers of TVs, but NBC made some of the prettiest, most cutting-edge models, and soon became the market leader in TV set sales. Then, NBC decided that NBC TVs weren't going to display CBS programming. Maybe they even concocted some lame argument about CBS shows being "too bright" and causing greater electricity consumption. But it was really just a way of controlling what content showed on their hardware, as a means of limiting competition. This is why Apple's refusal to allow Flash content in Safari, and not even allow Flash-originated applications to be sold in the app store, is so troubling. Whether or not you like Flash is rather beside the point -- it doesn't change the fact that a huge amount of content on the internet IS in Flash -- and certainly not just video. What about every wedding photographer's website, most restaurants, local bands, small businesses, and millions of others who can't currently afford to recreate their websites? Why is it okay for a single company in a position of power to limit the internet to only what it wants you to see? AOL tried that too, you may recall, not letting their users see the whole internet, but just AOL-approved (and licensed) pieces of it. Like it or not, Flash is a part of the majority of websites, and if you're selling a device like the iPad claiming to show "the whole internet", but you omit all Flash content, you're lying. Just as if NBC claimed their TV sets showed "all television shows" but refused to display CBS content, they'd be lying. I am amazed at how many otherwise tech-savvy people are essentially saying "hey, CBS shows suck anyway, and NBC has the right to display or block whatever they want on TV sets they make." Really? That would really be okay with you?
anonymous_3164020 thinks Adobe is right because:
Deliberately blocking development applications, to keep developers tied into a single platform is wrong.
An anonymous person thinks Adobe is right because:
I like Adobe's logo better.
anonymous_1609187 thinks Adobe is right because:
adobe
anonymous_1460213 thinks Apple is right because:
also, can we get a VOTE COUNT?
anonymous_1460213 thinks Apple is right because:
where are the mac hackers? unite to balance this poll!
anonymous_6570014 thinks Adobe is right because:
Steve Jobs is a douche. If you can't beat them, he lies to try to put them down.
anonymous_7367155 thinks Adobe is right because:
Apple cannot admit when it is wrong, they made a bad decision and are unwilling to admit it, just like the fanatical users of their products.
anonymous_2994199 thinks Adobe is right because:
Steve gets it in his head that his stuff is SOOOOO good that he should start deciding everything for everybody... Bill Gates says thanks for doing that back in the day.
anonymous_1139552 thinks Adobe is right because:
Adobe has the high ground here. Yes, the flash player is closed source, but the spec is open. And Adobe tools support html5 as well - there is a place for both html(5) and flash content on the web/mobile web. Jobs is trying to make a closed -and very draconian- system sound 'open and friendly' with the html5 talk. The average consumer may not understand (or care) but eventually Apple will (care) as consumers vote with their feet and Android continues to erode the iWhatever market: http://bit.ly/a.... Not because most consumers would think about flash specifically in their decision about which device, but simply because they expect the same or similar experiences on their mobile devices as they get on desktop. A device that gets them closer to that makes more sense (to me) and Apples refusal to support any type of flash content publishing on the iPhone is nothing more than a protective (app Store revenue) power-play.
anonymous_5620452 thinks Adobe is right because:
choice
anonymous_2331268 thinks Adobe is right because:
Apple wants to kill Flash the leading net platform for video, rich adds, rich sites, ebooks, casual games, etc.
anonymous_2705394 thinks Adobe is right because:
The result is very apparent.
anonymous_9102800 thinks Adobe is right because:
STEVE JOBS HAS AIDS!
anonymous_4348733 thinks Adobe is right because:
I have to go on adobe for this. I love Flash and it's creativity. HOW CAN YOU BAN SOMETHING THAT LIMITS YOUR CREATIVITY?! SERIOUSLY!
An anonymous person thinks Adobe is right because:
ofcourse Adobe!
anonymous_8561807 thinks Adobe is right because:
More of a "I don't want to pick apple" vote.
anonymous_1332979 thinks Adobe is right because:
apple is run by fools to ban a compiler that would have allowed them to make even more money from the sheer amount of gook flash developers. trying to get it run off with an unfinished version of html in which flash is going to be included in anyway what kind of an *beeep*-ing idiot is steve jobs anyway?
anonymous_4281649 thinks Adobe is right because:
why let others make software for Apple hardware but not let Adobe?
anonymous_4785913 thinks Adobe is right because:
Can't we all just get along?? Apple blocks flash on iPhone and iPad because they want to make money on the app store, full stop. All of the rest is FUD. It's not about flash being 'closed', 'buggy' or what-have-you. Flash is none of those things.
anonymous_6042147 thinks Apple is right because:
Fsck Adobe. The day I can have a decent flash player in the alternative OS I use as desktop I might change my mind.
anonymous_5743890 thinks Adobe is right because:
Apple are like a spoilt child, they don't want anyone else playing in their sandpit. The more people that boycott their crap the faster they'll realise that's not the way to be doing business in this day and age.
anonymous_5011660 thinks Adobe is right because:
Apple is just going for money. If they win, everyone's pocket book loses as you are forever tied into buy music form them, videos from them, and games from them. No choice, not my choice.
anonymous_5011660 thinks Adobe is right because:
Apple is just going for money. If they win, everyone's pocket book loses as you are forever tied into buy music form them, videos from them, and games from them. No choice, no my choice.
anonymous_2006933 thinks Adobe is right because:
go adobe go :F I wouldn't be usin notepad++ if it wasn't for you guys :D
An anonymous person thinks Adobe is right because:
Let the customers choose what is best for them :)
anonymous_7963363 thinks Apple is right because:
You didn't define exactly what premise is 'right'. I think Apple is right that Adobe hasn't moved quickly enough to produce a credible, mobile Flash player. I think Adobe is wrong that Flash is 'open' and I think they are both right that choice is vital. I choose battery life and, where necessary, custom apps.
anonymous_1609187 thinks Adobe is right because:
adobe is right
An anonymous person thinks Adobe is right because:
of course Adobe Seems Adobe aim - users code once and run on more and more different platforms and Apple aims - mac only, not convinced? watch videos at http://www.appl... for Win vs OSX also worth reading http://www.open... http://theflash...
anonymous_3910179 thinks Adobe is right because:
Apple claims openness but requires only their software to develop with. How is this open? Adobe allows anyone to be able to create flash applications on any platform they wish with any app that can build it. All of which can be 100% free if you want. They even have things like flex for free for students. Apple, however requires a decent sum just to start up. Looks like your 1984 commercial has come around on you apple.
anonymous_5390252 thinks Adobe is right because:
Flash is Flash and nothing can even come closer to it when user experience and UI richness comes into picture. Apple should not restrict it
An anonymous person thinks Apple is right because:
KISS MY APPS !!
anonymous_5480879 thinks Adobe is right because:
Viewing the web on a pretty device isn't much fun when so much of the web won't show up on that device.
An anonymous person thinks Adobe is right because:
It's no good choice if Apple chooses for me. If I want to use bad software, it's my choice.
anonymous_7475226 thinks Adobe is right because:
I don't like flash, BUT: I've decided that for myself. FU Apple.
anonymous_4708440 thinks Adobe is right because:
Apple cannot control the web. The choice should be left to ppl.
anonymous_7318066 thinks Adobe is right because:
Da you rock .....................
An anonymous person thinks Adobe is right because:
Adobe
anonymous_8001507 thinks Adobe is right because:
adobe
anonymous_8001507 thinks Adobe is right because:
adobe
anonymous_3510908 thinks Adobe is right because:
Apple can't survive which this attitude, they would be swiped out if they continue to be so obstinate!
anonymous_8001507 thinks Adobe is right because:
adobe
anonymous_8001507 thinks Adobe is right because:
Adobe is great
anonymous_3395270 thinks Apple is right because:
Apple rocks! Adobe sucks!
An anonymous person thinks Adobe is right because:
oviously Adobe
anonymous_2426216 thinks Adobe is right because:
I love flash...it has made web pages look beautiful and easy to use
anonymous_8992102 thinks Adobe is right because:
Apple can hate flash but it cannot survive without it
anonymous_6565986 thinks Adobe is right because:
I like Flash...
anonymous_2747946 thinks Adobe is right because:
I love apple but Adobe is right...
An anonymous person thinks Adobe is right because:
Love adobe
anonymous_1188897 thinks Adobe is right because:
Steve, Stop behaving like insane ruler and let me choose what I like. huh!
An anonymous person thinks Adobe is right because:
Adobe, as they are maintaing the innovation.
An anonymous person thinks Adobe is right because:
Adobe is awesome. Apple is mere show off.
anonymous_6969006 thinks Adobe is right because:
Apple, let me install what I want on my devices. You don't have to ship it with support if you want to be babies. Put up a warning when I install if it isn't trusted. But don't prevent me from using technology that has been in widespread use for over a decade. Adobe is right because: It's about our right to choose what we want. Besides, there's nothing close to flash (not even Silverlight) yet out there. So stop lying jobs.
anonymous_6969006 thinks Adobe is right because:
Because consumers choose. Not Steve Jobs
anonymous_4807323 thinks Adobe is right because:
Love it
anonymous_3070645 thinks Adobe is right because:
Apple мудаки
anonymous_9449424 thinks Apple is right because:
My company is in the business of making web apps. I would never allow Flash to be a component of one of our products, for reasons having to do with performance as well as with maintaining control of one's destiny. Apple is simply doing the same thing: not allowing Flash to be a component of one of their products. I, for one, am most grateful for that decision.
anonymous_8817843 thinks Adobe is right because:
Adobe is good.
anonymous_6145910 thinks Adobe is right because:
It's my choice...
anonymous_4323242 thinks Adobe is right because:
Apple cannot make decision behalf of end users.
anonymous_6997462 thinks Adobe is right because:
Flash is pure shit, but that is up to users and developers to decide
anonymous_2910706 thinks Adobe is right because:
HTML 5 will end up with a swf tag so in the long run both will work together in one way or another... long live flash.
anonymous_7406831 thinks Adobe is right because:
Adobe is right in countering FUD.
An anonymous person thinks Adobe is right because:
Adobe could blow everyone away by releasing BUG FREE and super sharp software in CS 6. DO IT, gaddamit!
anonymous_8341107 thinks Adobe is right because:
I hate ass-ple
anonymous_4979582 thinks Adobe is right because:
Do not ship flash by default. But me install what i want
anonymous_9255085 thinks Adobe is right because:
F.U.C.K. Y.O.U ... Steve Jobs. But I like Apple and Adobe both.
anonymous_8040456 thinks Adobe is right because:
Adobe makes terrible software and I demand the right to run that terrible software!
anonymous_2539587 thinks Adobe is right because:
To me, being a supporter of "Open" does not include closing your doors to widely popular technologies regardless of whether they are proprietary or not.
anonymous_9717274 thinks Adobe is right because:
obviously
An anonymous person thinks Apple is right because:
This is Apple's platform, they have every right to protect user experience on it. Flash is a poor product that doesn't seem to be improving with age.
An anonymous person thinks Adobe is right because:
What's that, Apple? I can pay extra to own one of your computers, and *your* computers are different from *other* computers because with *your* computers I have to pay again depending on what program I want to run? Yeah ....
An anonymous person thinks Apple is right because:
Regardless of motive, it's time to move on from Flash. I get the feeling people aren't supporting Adobe because they like Flash, but rather, because of Apple's flagrant disregard for a standard they've bought into.
anonymous_3179303 thinks Adobe is right because:
If there was a device that was just flash, with a flash app store and no filter, no approval process... Steve Jobs would be out of a job. Open means that no one will tell you what you can or can not make. Apple and their products are by no means open.
anonymous_8257315 thinks Apple is right because:
Youtube available without Flash? Yep! Go fuck yourself Adobe.
anonymous_6651690 thinks Adobe is right because:
I don't think Adobe did anything "right" but Apple did something "wrong". Adobe wants their software on as many platforms as possible. Apple clearly doesn't want this because it interferes with their App model. 95% of Apple users don't understand that they're missing out on a lot of the web.
anonymous_9255085 thinks Adobe is right because:
스티브가 노망이 들었군. 은퇴해야겠네.
anonymous_4967565 thinks Adobe is right because:
Should have used a Flash based engine such as Fusion Charts to create that pie chart, it would look much cooler.
anonymous_4967565 thinks Adobe is right because:
Silly debate really. Apple, let me install what I want on my devices. You don't have to ship it with support if you want to be babies. Put up a warning when I install if it isn't trusted. But don't prevent me from using technology that has been in widespread use for over a decade.
anonymous_4487008 thinks Adobe is right because:
It's about our right to choose what we want.
anonymous_6808870 thinks Apple is right because:
Dear Adobe: You claim it's about choice. You're right. When a customer CHOOSES to purchase an iPad, iPhone, or iPod Touch, they're CHOOSING not to purchase a device with your pure shite plugin. Stop being a little bitch and start innovating. Maybe then we can actually support you.
anonymous_5332134 thinks Adobe is right because:
fuck Steve
anonymous_6808870 thinks Apple is right because:
It's all about money. Adobe you greedy bastards...
An anonymous person thinks Adobe is right because:
what apple is doing is essentially using its strength in one market to unetically undermine Adobe in another. I am not a big admirer of Adobe, but this is definitely not an ethically healthy strategy.
anonymous_5691372 thinks Adobe is right because:
It's all about money. Apple you greedy bastards...
anonymous_6215551 thinks Adobe is right because:
We have dropped all iPhone development as a result of the recent Apple actions against 3rd party tools.
anonymous_2763575 thinks Apple is right because:
Adobe products are crap. They are crashy, unreliable, out of date crap.
anonymous_3654029 thinks Apple is right because:
This will play out with Adobe having to reinvent a lot of what it does.
anonymous_6112471 thinks Adobe is right because:
Adobe enables Apple disables.
anonymous_8974860 thinks Adobe is right because:
Jobs has begun the dubious journey of believing his own bullshit.
anonymous_7925722 thinks Adobe is right because:
Because not allowing flash limits the end user's interactive experience
anonymous_3325515 thinks Adobe is right because:
fuck apple
anonymous_7865989 thinks Adobe is right because:
if you think flash sucks, then don't develop with it. the point here is choice. developers should have the right to build the apps they want using the tools that is best for them. consumers should have the right to view content built with flash if they want. who is apple to tell me i can't view content from the web just because it's using flash technology! i want the ability to view anything i want regardless if it was built in html, css, javascript, flash, etc...
anonymous_9459348 thinks Adobe is right because:
Because I prefer writing Actionscript to Javascript
anonymous_7561733 thinks Apple is right because:
The money, fools.
anonymous_8150914 thinks Adobe is right because:
This whole argument is silly. HTML5 is NOT what makes the iDevices great, it's the apps written in Apple's approved language, in Apple's approved tools. The point is, Apple could support the "full web" by working with Adobe, but they choose to block Flash on all fronts. It's strictly business and motivated by control and monetary purposes, not out of any moral high ground, despite what the great Steve Jobs would like to persuade us to believe.
An anonymous person thinks Adobe is right because:
if you don't like the tv show, change the channel. same with software. What if all Sony televisions were to block Fox? It's simply a matter of freedom of speech. If my code can be published to a device, let the consumer decide whether they want to use it or not.
anonymous_2211025 thinks Adobe is right because:
Don't tell me what I can and can't look at on the web.
anonymous_2530778 thinks Adobe is right because:
Adobe are Innovators, Apple is trying to lock down the market for their own financial bennefit.
anonymous_9815488 thinks Adobe is right because:
What tool you write your app in is none of Apple's business. Only the end result is what counts.
anonymous_7496206 thinks Apple is right because:
People should be able to create content for the web without needing the expensive Adobe Flash package. JavaScript and HTML 5 are open to everyone and are just as open on the iPad as they are on any other computer with a browser. Flash on the other hand is not open, because it must be created using another piece of software, and the Flash code can not be viewed by the average user. If you are for openness then you should be supporting HTML 5, flash may be cross platform like HTML 5 but it isn't open.
anonymous_4346366 thinks Apple is right because:
Adobe needs to find its next $1 billion business: PostScript, Type 1 fonts, Illustrator, Photoshop, Acrobat, and PageMaker/InDesign solved important problems in the past. But they're legacy products. Flash was a nice way to make animated ads on slow PCs, but offers users and developers no compelling features today, so has limited profit potential for Adobe.
anonymous_3347933 thinks Apple is right because:
Fuck flash and its CPU hogging crappitude!
anonymous_8702137 thinks Apple is right because:
pro choiz
An anonymous person thinks Adobe is right because:
Steve Jobs is a hater!
anonymous_5997843 thinks Adobe is right because:
Android speaking: - Developers with Flash, Haxe, Unity, LUA, Python, Ruby, Java .. COME TO PAPA !!!!!
BradHutchings thinks Adobe is right because:
Steve Jobs needs to leave Apple. He is ruining a treasured brand. Again.
anonymous_9427495 thinks Adobe is right because:
I am tired of hearing that Apple is about being open when it is just the opposite and about revenue
An anonymous person thinks Adobe is right because:
does it work?
anonymous_4019099 thinks Adobe is right because:
Steve Jobs had the same early lead in desktop computing but because he was so controlling he squandered it and spent the last 20+ years digging out of that mistake. If he can't stop being such a control freak he's going to make the same mistake with handheld computing and he'll be sidelined as a niche player....again.
An anonymous person thinks Adobe is right because:
Apple can do what they want with their typically closed system. And so can developers. I think Apple just helped out Google Android. Lots of flash,unity3, etc devs will simply switch over and develop for everything except the iphone. As a developer, I'm not buying a mac just so I can develop in xcode. And I'd get to pay for the privilege of developing apps that may or may not be accepted by the Apple store, depending on the ever-changing whims of the new microsoft? Sounds awesome! Where can I sign up? Oh, and AT&T is the worst provider out there. Great job getting into bed with them. For all the "flash is dead" mac fanboys out there, it will be 10 years at least before ie6,7,8 are at a low enough penetration where we can all develop web apps in html5 only.
anonymous_1862011 thinks Adobe is right because:
Who ever said that CS5 is just 1s and 0s on a CD in a cardboard box should not be allowed anywhere near a modern electronic device of any sort. Clearly, the numbskull is too retarded to appreciate the complexity, and the reason for the cost, of programs such as CS5. Its an industry standard for a reason... That being said, Apple can do what they want, but we'll be fine as long as other people don't give up on making similar products and don't just give UP the market completely to Apple. Where are the iPod/iPad-esque devices that also support flash? Android should better get its act together and get some developers and producers to really get it off the ground.
anonymous_9888385 thinks Adobe is right because:
Apple, I fart in your general direction!
anonymous_4422227 thinks Apple is right because:
A lot of idiots make the claim, "Bullshit Flash is coming out on Adobe! See!! Apple is wrong!" Working on a device and working WELL on that device are two very different concepts. Apple could have Flash on their devices, but Flash doesn't work well on Linux or OS X as is. It works, but not well.
An anonymous person thinks Apple is right because:
which is right about what? this is retarded. Adobe does't have an OS anyways and they charge the same price for CS5 that it would take to get a new MacBook Pro. It's just 1's and 0's on a CD in a cardboard box. Fuck Adobe.....
An anonymous person thinks Adobe is right because:
I have no way to know if the performance thing is really the issue that apple says it is, however I do know that blocking all developers that do not use apples languages or compilers is wrong. IF they want to say, if you DONT use our stuff it will likely break between iphoneOS releases, that would be ok, but just blocking competition WRONG.
anonymous_1454210 thinks Adobe is right because:
Apple's claim that this is about Flash not working well are simply false. Flash is coming out for Google Android phones next month and beta reviewers reviewers on the web are already saying that it's fast and good. This is really about three things: 1. Apple forcing their app developers to rewrite their apps to put them on another phone, thus making it harder for apps to escape to other phones. 2. Stopping developers from getting around Apple's app veto and 30% app tax by eliminating the ability to deliver apps in the phone browser through Flash. 3. Almost all rich media ads on the web are in Flash. Banning Flash on the iPhone makes it easier for Apple to control advertising on the iPhone and take a cut of ad revenue with their new iAd service which is now being forced on developers. Also, Apple's talk about HTML5 is misdirection. HTML5 is unfinished and not currently capable of delivering sophisticated apps and rich media ads, thus today it's not yet a threat to Apple's business model like Flash is. Using the future promise of HTML5 to kill Flash is clever. You can bet that when HTML5 starts to be able to compete with Apple by delivering apps in-browser and rich media ads, Apple will either cripple or ban it too.
An anonymous person thinks Apple is right because:
anonymous_8745281: i see what you did there.
An anonymous person thinks Adobe is right because:
justice
An anonymous person thinks Adobe is right because:
justice
anonymous_6501592 thinks Adobe is right because:
Just ordered a Nexus One to replace my (less than a year old) 3GS at a fairly large personal expense. Apple is not being honest.
anonymous_8154392 thinks Adobe is right because:
Apple is right that web should be open, but I hate apple so much that I don't care if they are right!
anonymous_1257945 thinks Apple is right because:
It's their platform and they can do whatever they want. Also, I disable flash on all of my devices that support it anyway.
anonymous_8745281 thinks Adobe is right because:
Because if this website was done in Adobe Flex the graph, comments, and voting would be in realtime.
anonymous_5122440 thinks Apple is right because:
Just go for android by the way not selecting anything gives out nice python error
An anonymous person thinks Adobe is right because:
Jobs gets more pompous with each passing year.
anonymous_8745281 thinks Adobe is right because:
Because coding in Objective C is like a nail in my eyeball.
anonymous_8735083 thinks Adobe is right because:
Apple just wants to control their system.
anonymous_7766863 thinks Adobe is right because:
In this case Apple's wrong. They're right that the flash player sucks rocks on the Mac. They're right that the experience on the iPhone will be less good with Flash apps. They're wrong that they should decide what devs use.
anonymous_4498340 thinks Adobe is right because:
Steve Jobs is a cunt.
anonymous_6269929 thinks Adobe is right because:
I have been pondering where Apple is going with these iTouch / iPad / iPhone apps and their iTunes app store. Bear with me for a bit... I think Apple's next step is to port iPad like apps to the OS X desktop. With OS X 10.7 Apple could lock down desktop application sales to the iTunes store (already rumored, and largely impractical), or they could port iPad like apps to the desktop providing touch screen developer tools for OS X. Apple can then build a new line of laptops and desktops with touch screen technology, thus making OS X touch applications a more attractive option than traditional OS X desktop software. In one fell swoop Apple could receive 30% profits of all OS X touch apps sold through their iTunes store, have more control of their desktop environment, and calm the fears of standard OS X desktop developers.
An anonymous person thinks Adobe is right because:
jobs is just being greedy, and of course adobe's ecmascript vm sucks, but i just fucking hate somebody telling me in what prog lang to code using silly retarded semi technical reasons in order to generate a ecosystem lock in.
anonymous_8922097 thinks Adobe is right because:
Apple should rent out their devices instead of selling them given the control they have on them. People don't own their devices
anonymous_3172481 thinks Adobe is right because:
Apple (Steve Jobs?) is acting very immature. Also locking out languages like Ruby (MacRuby), etc is just soooooooooo lame - declaring war with developers is short term. Apple is the new Microsoft, and we all know how that ends...
anonymous_3845600 thinks Adobe is right because:
motherfuckas gonna die...
An anonymous person thinks Apple is right because:
I've hated Flash for years. Between crappy ads on internet sites to trying to get it to work on Linux so I could see a site like RottenTomatoes. It's always sucked up CPU cycles and hasn't given me anything back. I don't like the questionable tactics that Apple has taken to get rid of Flash but I say "By whatever means necessary!" It's a shame Apple can't force people to stop using IE, too.
An anonymous person thinks Adobe is right because:
Open ftw.
anonymous_9735149 thinks Adobe is right because:
Apple are ill-intentioned. Adobe just write bad code.
anonymous_4476354 thinks Adobe is right because:
Adobe's handling the situation much better and more professionally than Apple.
anonymous_3251750 thinks Adobe is right because:
This is like trying to pick if I want to lob off my left testicle or my right testicle.
anonymous_2272502 thinks Apple is right because:
Apple can restrict the path code must take to live on their devices. We don't have to like it, but Apple has the right.
An anonymous person thinks Apple is right because:
Apple has every right to not include certain software or anything in its own OS, which runs on its own Hardware -- all controlled by Apple. Apple has *always* controlled everything it does, why should this be an exception? If you don't like it, then don't use an Apple Product. I personally don't like Apple and don't use any of their products for this very reason, but that doesn't mean that they need to change their policies to allow Adobe in.
anonymous_9122784 thinks Apple is right because:
Everyone hated flash before this. Flash hasn't gotten any better.
An anonymous person thinks Adobe is right because:
Apple's clearly trying to use their power to their advantage, which is understandable to a certain extent- they are a business- but they are doing so in a way which damages their users experiences. I don't care so much about the HTML 5 vs Flash debate. As HTML 5 improves it will be able to increasingly replace Flash, but we're not there yet. Not even close. Stop screwing your users, Apple. It comes down to this: if my wife can't play Farmville on a device that is supposed to offer a great web experience, then the device doesn't really offer a great web experience. As for me, a developer, there's no way I'm going to develop for or support a platform that can suspend my application arbitrarily. For these reasons I preach to everyone I know that the Android platform is the way to go. I used to like you Apple, but you turned into an raging a-hole. Screw you too.
anonymous_2953572 thinks Adobe is right because:
I wish my iPhone had flash
anonymous_3830609 thinks Adobe is right because:
a) I want choice. b) I owe my education to flash (videos that have taught me so much) being there. c) FUD against Adobe deserves a fitting response.
An anonymous person thinks Adobe is right because:
Despite flash not being an open standard, I feel that apple is wrong for wanting their platform to be so closed. They tout the iphone as "open" but really they are the ones who decide what runs on it. If you think apple is right you may want to invest in a second ipad so you can multitask.
anonymous_3830609 thinks Adobe is right because:
Go Adobe Go
anonymous_4703895 thinks Adobe is right because:
Flash has some issues however it WORKS! I have been educated and entertained thanks to Flash. Apple has done very little for me even though I do own one Mac. I was going to buy a second Mac and iPhone but because of Apple's shenanigans I just got Nexus One.
An anonymous person thinks Apple is right because:
Apple has the right to protect their ecosystem.
An anonymous person thinks Adobe is right because:
I really dislike Flash, but I believe companies should have a right to compete fairly, and that we should beat flash by being better than it. Apple apparently doesn't get this, and seems to want to forbid Adobe from even competing.
anonymous_9774460 thinks Adobe is right because:
No matter how krap insecure Adobe is, Apple has no right to stop anyone from using it. They doing this not for system security, but for appstore security. Apple just want to ensure people buy AppleStore applications for any required functionality
An anonymous person thinks Adobe is right because:
Apple is all style and no substance, a problem found everywhere in the world today. In the hunt for profit margins, i can not sympathize with a company whose actions state that they know very well what a monopoly is, and will do anything to come as legally close to it as possible.
An anonymous person thinks Apple is right because:
Stores are allowed to choose the goods they sell using arbitrary criteria, including how the goods are made. In fact, some stores' brands are based on such arbitrary criteria: organic foods made without hormones, for example, or apps made without Flash. Farmers have the freedom to choose how to make the food. Consumers have the freedom to choose the store to shop in. Stores have freedom to choose arbitrary criteria for what they sell. Quite literally, markets decide.
anonymous_5062058 thinks Adobe is right because:
This is the problem with internet culture. Why should we pick sides? Neither side is absolutely right about anything. Why would a complicated dispute between 2 companies be able to come down to a choice between one or the other?
anonymous_5062058 thinks Apple is right because:
This is the problem with internet culture. Why should we pick sides? Neither side is absolutely right about anything. Why would a complicated dispute between 2 companies be able to come down to a choice between one or the other?
anonymous_6178208 thinks Apple is right because:
...Adobe has problems rounding numbers.
anonymous_7692258 thinks Adobe is right because:
Steve Jobs.. stop talking shit.
anonymous_8721394 thinks Adobe is right because:
Html 5 sucks on iPad. It just doesnt work. iPhone cant even run a decent javascript animation. Steve Jobs is full of shit.
anonymous_5001421 thinks Adobe is right because:
This is a dirty way from Apple to get rid of Adobe.
anonymous_5904525 thinks Adobe is right because:
This is a painful spat to watch -- my two favorite companies duking it out for no really good reason. That said, I buy Apple products not because I want Apple to choose my apps and technologies. Apple will never succeed by creating a walled garden. (Remember AOL, and how it withered after the Web came into its own. Users don't like being limited.) I'd like developers to be able to choose what tools work best for them, and users to have the same choices. I'm with Adobe.
anonymous_2144631 thinks Apple is right because:
Adobe's Flash is not a standard, could have been. They have no reason to expect OSs to support them.
anonymous_5513452 thinks Apple is right because:
Flash is holding back the future of the web and open standards
anonymous_3347706 thinks Apple is right because:
As a free software zealot I hate them both, but not being able to watch videos because of Flash is more annoying.
anonymous_8916872 thinks Apple is right because:
Where's the "none of the above" option? Apple is right - reliance on Flash will cause issues especially given how often the Flash player crashes. Adobe is right - Apple is acting as a gatekeeper who gets to determine what you get to do with your own hardware. I choose "Apple" here to try to get it to 50/50, since I think they're equally wrong.
anonymous_7660988 thinks Adobe is right because:
i appreciate both. you just can't skip flash. it's almost everywhere.
An anonymous person thinks Apple is right because:
Flash is no longer necessary and will only hold back adoption of HTML5 open standards.
anonymous_6917817 thinks Apple is right because:
It's all about who makes the best product. Apple makes the best smartphone. Flash performs miserably.
anonymous_5909790 thinks Apple is right because:
Flash makes my computer run hot and crash, and it's ugly. Whenever I right-click on a Flash app, it doesn't do the right thing.
twisty7867 thinks Adobe is right because:
Flash clearly has some opportunities for technical improvement, especially on Safari, but why should Apple decide? Content creators are responsible for delivering a good user experience on their site and they should be able to choose what works best for them. Apple's excuses in this area are a thinly veiled plan to create their own closed platform - no matter how much they're telling you to ignore the black helicopters and pay attention to their yammering about web standards.
An anonymous person thinks Adobe is right because:
Apple is not allowing their users (me) the ability to view lots of content on the web, and developers the ability to provide their content too multiple platforms. Flash is open because anyone can build authoring tools or players for SWF - most people haven't done it because it's too hard, but that's not Adobe's fault. And most importantly, Steve Jobs is a prick.
An anonymous person thinks Adobe is right because:
Just give us a choice ... if it runs like a dog and kills battery then we will uninstall it. You can even give a big fat warning with skull and cross bones to keep people away unless they **really** want it.
anonymous_8815576 thinks Adobe is right because:
Apple's 1984 commercial, how ironic in light of recent events.
An anonymous person thinks Adobe is right because:
I am sorry Apple, but the way to beat Flash is not to block it, but make HTML5 fantastic. Apple you lose.
An anonymous person thinks Adobe is right because:
Apple has some good points, but it seems obvious their many motive to block Flash so they get more control over the advertising on their devices. No coincidence they've have a new ad delivery service which they control. Flash not being open source is FUD to get the dev community fired up against Flash, but it's of small importance. OSX, Coco, and Objective C aren't open source, either, but that's what Apple is forcing developers into. HTML can do some of what Flash does, and the implementation varies from browser to browser.
anonymous_9611545 thinks Apple is right because:
Flash is not technically well executed. It feels slow and laggy both in the browser and on the Air platform. Apple is keeping the user experience high by not including it.
anonymous_6170576 thinks Adobe is right because:
As a cross device developer, I'm currently removing iPhone/iPad/iWhatever off my list of platforms I support. I'll spend my time developing once with Flex/Flash/AIR and deploying on the broadest number of devices I can and ignore the niche iDevices. Just too much trouble to do development twice, and not worth the extra users the iDevices add to the larger open market.
anonymous_9865828 thinks Adobe is right because:
I'm not a fan of Flash in general, but Adobe is at least trying to compete on merit. Apple is anti-competitively blocking anything that they believe might interfere with their business model, and that's terrible for freedom and innovation. If Microsoft had the kind of power 20 years ago that Apple is going for today, the web wouldn't exist in its current form.
anonymous_3135833 thinks Adobe is right because:
Apple is anti-developer, anti-consumer is dis-honest as a corporation. Adobe is at-least honest and says its shipping flash 10.1 H1 2010 and things should work fine. Apple ships iPad and tells that world is HTML5, you can view the entire web. There are so many things that just don't work on iPad contrary to Apple's claims - http://is.gd/c7...
anonymous_1672335 thinks Apple is right because:
Adobe likes to use the phrase "the web" in a way that includes their proprietary browser plugin. I have never included proprietary plugins in my own mental model of what "the web" is. Browsers without such plugins are no less legitimate than browsers with plugins.
evanskaufman thinks Adobe is right because:
This shouldn't be about a pissing contest between corporate entities; it should be about offering consumers the most choice. Hence a very big difference between *allowing* the use of flash and *requiring* it. Of course, there's also the issue of Steve Jobs' hypocrisy going on rants about someone else's "closed proprietary" platforms. Adobe's Flash technology is already partially open-sourced (see Flex, and the SWF format specs), whereas Apple has steadily become more and more hostile to open-source.
An anonymous person thinks Adobe is right because:
Steve Jobs is flat out lying about Flash being a closed proprietary platform. The majority of its components are open source and the remaining parts that aren't have open source implementations. The specs are freely available from Adobe and there are no restrictions on if someone can create an open source implementation of it.
anonymous_6844139 thinks Adobe is right because:
Wait....Jobs calls Adobe proprietary...yet Apple completely dictates what is allowed on its products without breaching warranty (read: breaking the iPhone). How is control to this degree by Apple any better than Adobe requiring Flash for certain things? Apple is a hypocrite...but dang I love their products. This one is a vote for Adobe since Apple is being childish...let the users select against Flash if it's so bad...evolution will leave the weak behind, there is no need to force it because Jobs is having a hissy fit.
anonymous_1048319 thinks Adobe is right because:
Adobe. Hardware vendors have no right to tell us how we are allowed to use their computing devices. The idea of licensing hardware is just ridiculous.
anonymous_4653733 thinks Apple is right because:
Adobe is arguing that Apple is undermining the open web ... But this section 3.3.1 is not about the web. It is about application development on the iPhone. Adobe has conflated the argument regarding native application development on an iPhone with building web site and web applications.
An anonymous person thinks Apple is right because:
Adobe needs to stop pretending to be a tools company because, let's face it, they suck at it.
An anonymous person thinks Apple is right because:
As a web developer I feel that anything that can be done with flash would be better done by HTML 5. I'm for the advancement of HTML 5 so that interactive content can work on any browser without the need of a plugin shoving its way between code and browser..
An anonymous person thinks Adobe is right because:
Though I am not a big fan of Flash, and consider it over-loaded myself, I can't support Apple on this issue as this is a matter of individual freedom. I have the right to use (or create) any app I want, using any technology that I want, and Apple has no right to tell me what I should do.
An anonymous person thinks Apple is right because:
As much as I hate Apple as well as closed platforms, I have to say that Apple is correct. It's Apple's platform, so they get to decide what goes on it. I do not like the closed nature of the app store in general though (hence, I use Android, which, at this time, does not have flash support either).
anonymous_6401166 thinks Apple is right because:
no-one likes flash, people put up with it because until now there hasn't been an alternative. if apple can use it's market clout to basically kill flash, then I think that is probably a good thing, regardless of what apple's motives are.
An anonymous person thinks Adobe is right because:
Closed platforms using open solutions are just as bad as closed platforms. Healthy competition is needed!
alex thinks Apple is right because:
I agree with Apple. Web contents should be coded and viewed by users w/out having to download any 3rd party plug-in like flash.
bob thinks Apple is right because:
Apple' s strategies may not be the most pleasant ones but in the end they bring cool stuff to the table. End users benefit, industry benefits so I think they are O.K.
me thinks Adobe is right because:
Flash may suck, but mobile computing should be so restrictive. If I'm buying an iPhone/IPad, it should be my choice if I want Flash on my device or not.
tunix thinks Apple is right because:
Open standards (HTML5, JS, CSS3) are the winners!
proze thinks Adobe is right because:
apple is nothing without adobe stuff.
josh thinks Adobe is right because:
while it is true that flash has sluggish performance even on our computers, apple is just probably trying to block the cross platform developers, to stop the growth of other devices.
